Git and GitHub Reflections: Lesson 2
-------------------------------------

28/2/2016
Reflect: Initializing a Repository
What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Answer A: a .git/ directory is created
Answer B: this makes the directory 'git' friendly for checking in, etc. 

28/2/2016
Reflect: Staging Area
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is a loading dock where I get to determine what changes get shipped away. The working directory contains the files and directories I'm currently using. The repository stores the metadata and object database of my project and it is what is copied when I clone a repository from another computer.
With the staging area the result is that the working directory and what gets saved is now decoupled. As a result I can build up my commits whenever I want, meaning I have more flexibility and control.

4/3/2016
Reflect: Commit Size
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
git status will tell me what files are in the staging area, about to be committed to the repository. From looking at these files I can decide to commit once one logical change is present.

4/3/2016
Reflect: When to Use Branches
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Some situations include localisation of an application in different languages (e.g. Fr, It, Eng, etc); experimenting with a new feature or an existing feature using a different algorithm.
Branches would help as the core would stay the same if we ever needed to restart again while progress on the main branch could continue on, oblivious to the branch work.
The main branch can be the official production build while other branches can be prototypes.

5/3/16
Reflect: Visualizing with Diagrams
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Diagrams help in that 'a picture paints a thousand words'. At a glance the branch structure is described.